readme.md, before:

# LSC: A Personal Chat Monitor for Windower4 and FFXI

### Overview

LSC (short for "linkshell chat") was originally created out of a desire to know what's been happening in LS while afk. This eventually expanded to cover the other main social chat types: linkshell, linkshell2, party, and tell.

LSC will show the most recent 20 or so lines of chat from all tracked modes in a panel on the lower-right section of your screen. This window can be hidden (see the `hide` command under usage below), in which case messages will still be tracked for later review.

<img title="" src="./content/sample.png" alt="dsaf" width="507" data-align="center">

LSC also provides a mechanism to review all received messages via the `replay` command (see below), so you'll never miss anything.

### Installation

Drop the `lsc` folder into your Windower4/addons directory and run `//lua r lsc`. To unload the addon, run `//lua u lsc`.

### Usage

LSC supports a handful of commands to help you get them most out of the addon.  Commands are sent to LSC by typing `//lsc <command> <arguments>` into the FFXI chat window.

- **show** - Shows the UI panel if it's currently hidden. Run as `//lsc show`.

- **hide** - Hides the UI pannel if it's currently being shown. Run as `//lsc hide`.

- **replay** [-type all|linkshell|linkshell2|party|tell>] [-max &lt;number&gt;] - Writes chat history out to the FFXI chat window for review.

- - **type** - Used to control the types of messages to list. If not specified, `all` is used. Shortcuts are support: `l` or `ls` for `linkshell`, `l2` or `ls2` for `linkshell2`, `p` for party, and `t` for tell.
  
  - **max** - The maximum number of messages to show. If not specified, the most recent 10 messages of your specified type will be displayed.

- <mark>NEW</mark> **clear** [-d] - Clears the chat log (that is, what's shown when running `//lsc replay` and its variants). If you specify the `-display` (or `-d` shortcut), then the on-screen chat display will also be cleared.

- **help** - Shows an in-game variation of these help notes.

Additional commands will be made available in a later version.

### Known Issues

- Japanese text is not properly captured. I need to do a better job of stripping out control characters while not stripping out non-ANSI text.

- There are no configuration options. The chat window size and position is fixed, it won't remember if it was shown or hidden, fonts, font size, color are hard-coded, and so on. I'll prioritize and address these as we go.

- I'm not entirely sure the addon can be autoloaded via init.txt. It *should* work, but let me know. I haven't had time to `/shutdown` and test on a clean load with the latest version, but I'll do that ASAP.

## Attribution

- [cylibs-ui by cyritegamestudios](https://github.com/cyritegamestudios/cylibs-ui) - LSC uses cylibs-ui for rendering its on-screen components.

Commit message:

Adding anchor and margin controls to the chat ui, and making them configurable/persistent.

readme.md, after:

# LSC: A Personal Chat Monitor for Windower4 and FFXI

### Overview

LSC (short for "linkshell chat") was originally created out of a desire to know what's been happening in LS while afk. This eventually expanded to cover the other main social chat types: linkshell, linkshell2, party, and tell.

LSC will show the most recent 20 or so lines of chat from all tracked modes in a panel on the lower-right section of your screen. This window can be hidden (see the `hide` command under usage below), in which case messages will still be tracked for later review.

<img title="" src="./content/sample.png" alt="dsaf" width="507" data-align="center">

LSC also provides a mechanism to review all received messages via the `replay` command (see below), so you'll never miss anything.

### Installation

Drop the `lsc` folder into your Windower4/addons directory and run `//lua r lsc`. To unload the addon, run `//lua u lsc`.

### Usage

LSC supports a handful of commands to help you get them most out of the addon.  Commands are sent to LSC by typing `//lsc <command> <arguments>` into the FFXI chat window.

- **show** - Shows the UI panel if it's currently hidden. Run as `//lsc show`.

- **hide** - Hides the UI pannel if it's currently being shown. Run as `//lsc hide`.

- <mark>NEW</mark> **anchor** [<nw|ne|se|sw>] - Sets the "anchor point" for the UI chat log, which is the cardinal corner (northwest, southeast, etc) to which it will be attached. Running without arguments will show you the current anchor point. The default value can be set with `//lsc anchor se`.

- <mark>NEW</mark> **margin** [h v] - Set the horizontal and vertical margins for the UI chat log. This controls its distance from the anchor point. The default values can be set with `//lsc margin 0 200`.

- **replay** [-type all|linkshell|linkshell2|party|tell>] [-max &lt;number&gt;] - Writes chat history out to the FFXI chat window for review.

- - **type** - Used to control the types of messages to list. If not specified, `all` is used. Shortcuts are support: `l` or `ls` for `linkshell`, `l2` or `ls2` for `linkshell2`, `p` for party, and `t` for tell.
  
  - **max** - The maximum number of messages to show. If not specified, the most recent 10 messages of your specified type will be displayed.

- **clear** [-display|-d] - Clears the chat log (that is, what's shown when running `//lsc replay` and its variants). If you specify the `-display` (or `-d` shortcut), then the on-screen chat display will also be cleared.

- **help** - Shows an in-game variation of these help notes.

Additional commands will be made available in a later version.

### Known Issues

- Japanese text is not properly captured. I need to do a better job of stripping out control characters while not stripping out non-ANSI text.

- There are no configuration options. The chat window size and position is fixed, it won't remember if it was shown or hidden, fonts, font size, color are hard-coded, and so on. I'll prioritize and address these as we go.

- I'm not entirely sure the addon can be autoloaded via init.txt. It *should* work, but let me know. I haven't had time to `/shutdown` and test on a clean load with the latest version, but I'll do that ASAP.

## Attribution

- [cylibs-ui by cyritegamestudios](https://github.com/cyritegamestudios/cylibs-ui) - LSC uses cylibs-ui for rendering its on-screen components.
